Blood Scroll	A scroll that when signed with blood would enter the participant into an assassin ranking system. Upon the scroll was also an arrow that always pointed to the assassin that was a rank above you. The goal is to reach rank 1 for a single wish however the only way to gain a rank is to kill the assassin above you. The Rank is infamous and well paid for their trade so strong assassins are always waiting for a rank opening.
Essence Extractor	Extract the consciousness of a pacified or willing being to be stored within. The consciousness can be injected into the still warm body of a dead being, giving them a new body to inhabit. 
Helpless Bandage	"A person bandaged with this item will be unable to do anything for themselves and will rely on others for everything. They will not remove the bandage until the wound is healed.
Ill-Fated Necklace	The wearer of this necklace has a general feeling that he is safe. The opposite is, in fact, the case. Any time something bad happens to the group, the wearer of this necklace bears the brunt of the misfortune
Polymorphed Adventurers Potions	The potions are a polymorphed group of famous heroes transformed into oozes. Anyone with the ability to communicate telepathically are able to speak with them (and probably help them get back to normal).
{1d20} Ammunition +3	You have a bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this piece of magic ammunition. The bonus is determined by the rarity of the ammunition. Once it hit a target, the ammunition is no longer magical. Value listed is for individual units.
{1d8} Arrows of Slaying +2	An arrow of slaying is a magic weapon meant to slay a particular kind of creature. Some are more focused than others; for example, there are both arrows of dragon slaying and arrows of blue dragon slaying. If a creature belonging to the type, race, or group associated with an arrow of slaying takes damage from the arrow, the creature must make a DC 17 Constitution saving throw, taking an extra 6d10 piercing damage on a failed save, or half as much extra damage on a successful one. Once an arrow of slaying deals its extra damage to a creature, it becomes a nonmagical arrow. Other types of magic ammunition of this kind exist, such as bolts of slaying meant for a crossbow, though arrows are most common. Value listed is for each arrow.
Amulet of the Planes	"While wearing this amulet, you can use an action to name a location that you are familiar with on another plane of existence. Then make a DC 15 Intelligence check. On a successful check, you cast the plane shift spell. On a failure , you and each creature and object within 15 feet of you travel to a random destination.
Roll 1d100. On a 1- 60, you travel to a random location on the plane you named. On a 61- 100, you travel to a randomly determined plane of existence. "
Amulets of Inedibility	These two amulets are enchanted as a pair and both must be worn at the same time for the enchantment to work. Anything wearing it cannot be considered as food.
Anderson's Medallion	Once per day, you can remove AC of target granted by armor, last until end of your next turn. User takes -2 to AC for same duration. (I think lasting until the end of combat might be a bit op, also  I have named it after Hans Christian Anderson because it makes me thing of the Emperor's New Clothes)
Animated Rope	Smart {1d50} rope – obeys simple commands, animated like snake
Animated Shield	While holding this shield, you can speak its command word as a bonus action to cause it to animate. The shield leaps into the air and hovers in your space to protect you as if you were wielding it, leaving your hands free. The shield remains animated for 1 minute, until you use a bonus action to end this effect, or until you are incapacitated or die, at which point the shield falls to the ground or into your hand if you have one free.
Armor +2	You have a +2 bonus to AC while wearing this armor.
Back to the Beginning Ring	When you take off this ring and it transports you to where you first put it on and disappears.
Bag of Devouring	This bag superficially resembles a bag of holding but is a feeding orifice for a gigantic extradimensional creature. Turning the bag inside out closes the orifice. The extradimensional creature attached to the bag can sense whatever is placed inside the bag. Animal or vegetable matter placed wholly in the bag is devoured and lost forever. When part of a living creature is placed in the bag, as happens when someone reaches inside it, there is a 50 percent chance that the creature is pulled inside the bag. A creature inside the bag can use its action to try to escape with a successful DC 15 Strength check. Another creature can use its action to reach into the bag to pull a creature out, doing so with a successful DC 20 Strength check (provided it isn't pulled inside the bag first). Any creature that starts its turn inside the bag is devoured, its body destroyed. Inanimate objects can be stored in the bag, which can hold a cubic foot of such material. However, once each day, the bag swallows any objects inside it and spits them out into another plane of existence. The DM determines the time and plane. If the bag is pierced or torn, it is destroyed, and anything contained within it is transported to a random location on the Astral Plane. 
Bardweave Parisol	A beautiful, vibrantly colorful cloth parasol with a light wooden handle. The object feels delicate and weightless.
Black Obelisk	A plain, unadorned black obelisk. If brought above ground and into the open, the obelisk will draw down a near-constant barrage of lightning to itself – even if the sky is clear.
Black Sapphire	A translucent lustrous black Sapphire with glowing highlights.
Blink Dagger	Twice per day, whomever users this dagger can instantly teleport up to 30 ft in any direction. Cannot be used if you were attacked since your last turn.
Bloodied Harp	An old looking brass harp that has only 3 strings left. The strings are flecked with rust, or so it seems. Holding it gives you a feeling of cold anxiety.
Boots of Dry Land	The wearer of the boots gains water-walking, with a twist. On any body of salt water, the boots generate a 30 ft. radius of dry, walkable sand beneath the wearer. Which means several party members could benefit from the effect. They functioned for an hour per day, but it didn't have to be continuous.
Brazier of Infinite Imps	Brazier of infinite imps. 1d4 imps spawn every 24 hours. If they are not killed by the time the brazier spawns a new set, the previous imps die and vanish.
Buzzing Buckler	A wooden buckler with a burned-in sigil of a bee on the shield face. It vibrates ferociously when struck.
Candle of Invocation	This slender taper is dedicated to a deity and shares that deity's alignment. The candle's alignment can be detected with the detect evil and good spell. The DM chooses the god and associated alignment or determines the alignment randomly. The candle's magic is activated when the candle is lit, which requires an action. After burning for 4 hours, the candle is destroyed. You can snuff it out early for use at a later time. Deduct the time it burned in increments of 1 minute from the candle's total burn time. While lit, the candle sheds dim light in a 30-foot radius. Any creature within that light whose alignment matches that of the candle makes attack rolls, saving throws, and ability checks with advantage. In addition, a cleric or druid in the light whose alignment matches the candle's can cast 1st-level spells he or she has prepared without expending spell slots, though the spell's effect is as if cast with a 1st-level slot. Alternatively, when you light the candle for the first time, you can cast the gate spell with it. Doing so destroys the candle.
Companion Rings	Two rings, user may opt to take damage for the other person wearing the ring
Crown of Fingers	A crown of severed, mummified fingers. Each finger bears three jeweled rings.
Crystal Pyramid	A finely-crafted, clear crystal pyramid with no noticeable impurities.
Cursed Eye	Allows a blind user to see but at a cost. (will at random cause you to attack others)
Dark Gemini Ring	A set of dark blue rings, which rotate freely against each other, but cannot be separated.
Diamond	"Diamond is a hard clear gem which can be clear blue-white, rich blue, yelow or pink. The hardest of all the gemstones, and among the most valuable. Diamonds are usually found in northern mountains by underground races, and then traded to the surface world.	"
Donkey Legs	"These wooden donkey legs can be attached to anything  (but are not strong enough to carry literally anything).  Once attached, the thing will follow you around like a loyal donkey.  For example, you can attach them to a heavy statue and then have it walk itself out of the dungeon.  Donkey legs are as strong as two donkeys!
Earthbreaker Totem	A thick shaft of wood with totemic carvings. It has a slight gradual spike shape, being thinner and sharper at one end, and thick and flat at the other.
Eldhand's Mind Slug	In the laboratory, vault, or home of the famed (and thought long dead) Eldhand the Scholar sits a small glass box. Across the lid is a grid of very tiny holes for air. The box contains a pink, slimy slug admidst some wet sawdust. A tag on the box reads “Eldhand.” The bug can be killed easily, like any slug. However, placing the slug near one's nose or mouth allows it to crawl up into the player's brain. The player will go into a coma for 3d4 hours and, upon awakening, will find that the voice of Eldhand the Scholar can be heard inside their head. He is quite sarcastic, pessimistic, and usually upset that someone so “pea-brained” ended up finding him. However, he can be convinced to give help in scholarly matters—granting the host +6 on all Knowledge Arcana, Knowledge History, and Spellcraft checks. He is reluctant to give out help unless you have proven yourself a more than worthy host. But he is generally willing to help in exchange for your player eating some odd or expensive food item (plums, goat cheese, and Ruby Port liquor tend to be his favorites).
Encyclopedia Approximatus	A large, unmarked blue tome. Every page inside is blank.
Fulcrum Ring	A plain, heavy ring of dark metal. It seems occasionally heavy.
Gladiator's Prizeblade	A high quality, perfectly balanced gladius that is excessively comfortable to wield. The blade only seems to sharpen with use.
Gold Crown	A jeweled gold crown of superb quality.
Gold Jewelry Box	A solid gold jewelry box with a platinum filigree.
Gold Statuette	A small gold statuette of a man, set with rubies.
Harkol's Agonizing Instruments	A cloth tool-roll that contains six needles of varying thickness. A melody is embroidered on the inside of the roll.
Heavenly Armor	"A set of enhanced, heavenly armor. Powerful enough to protect and shield a hero on his journey through the the world, or even beyond the Gates of Hell itself. These armors are made for the most faithful and divine mortals and angels alike.
While wearing this armor, you gain a +2 bonus to AC, you have advantage on all saving throws against effects caused by fiends, and it creates an aura in a 5-foot radius around you. Fiends in the aura have disadvantage on saving throws."
Ivory Drinking Horn	A bejeweled ivory drinking horn with gold filigree.
Jacinth	A transparent fiery orange gem variety of Zircon.
Jade Game Board	An ornate game board made of jade, with 40 solid gold playing pieces.
King's Tears	King's Tears are very rare and are sometimes called frozen tears. Clear, teardrop-shaped, smooth surfaced, and totally unbreakable so far by any means. These stones are said to be the crystallized tears of long-dead necromancer kings. In each gem can be seen that which the weeping king loved long ago. Their true nature is unknown but suffice it to say that sages prize these gems above all others
Links of Truth	Plain, but exceptionally clean chainmail that feels light, and always cold.
Mother's Love	A gold-rimmed cobalt locket inscribed with draconic runes. Inside is a small replaceable portrait.
Mysterious Dwarven Club Hammer	A mysterious ornamental club hammer of dwarf origin, only someone with extensive knowledge of weapons or magic (Eg. Blacksmith, Enchanter, etc) can discover its true meaning.
Necklace of the Fang Pact	This fiber necklace contains beads that separate several teeth from a variety of creatures. All together, it can support up to 7 teeth. 
Nevermore Seed	A small pouch of tiny dry seeds that leave black soot on your fingers and smell of pungent incense.
Phamea's Pocket Steed	This is a small brass whistle, shaped like the head of a horse and stained with age. When the whistle is blown an extremely high-pitched note is emitted, summoning a magical steed that serves just like a Heavy Warhorse. It will stay until the whistle is blown again—at which time it unsummons. However, if the horse is slain, its body disappears, and the whistle will never emit a sound again.
Pink Nayla Petal	A thick, velvety flower petal of pastel pink and flecks of red. It leaves a fragrant, pleasant dust on your fingertips.
Platinum Ring	A jeweled platinum ring.
Potion of Lycanthropy Immunization	A thick green potion in a small clear bottle. Closer examination reveals silver particles suspended in the liquid.
Potion of Sudden Translocation	Inside this strangely shaped vial swirls a blackish purple liquid. When used it will randomly and instantly teleport the user to a free spot up to 50 feet away. This includes through walls, into pits and between floors. However the potion will not work if you are otherwise prevented from teleporting either by Dimensional shackles or other by means.
Pouch of Healing Potions	A large carry pouch made from the skin of a monkey. Inside are {1d6} Potions of Superior Healing. 
Powder of Piercing 	A gray powder that when thrown vastly increases speed and creates many small holes in the target
Remnant	"The handle was made of black leathers which connected two chains down to the head of a cylinder-shaped flail head. The head was like a cage that had interlocking strips of steel with spikes pointing outwards at every link. Inside, it contained a brilliant blue light that hummed which grew with intensity when spun."
Rogue Stone	A small, shifting, rainbow coloured, irridecent gemstone. The fluid shades of colour appear almost liquid under normal sunlight, it is truly a beautiful sight to behold. Rogue stones are extremely rare and are used for the gemjump spell, hence one of the most sought after gems in the Realms.        
Ruby	Ruby is a pink to blood-red colored gemstone, a variety of the mineral corundum.
Sarcophagus	A painted gold child's sarcophagus. It is empty, but itself valuable.
Set of Golden Cups	A set of golden cups, each set with emeralds.
Staff of the Verdant Grove	A knotted and well-worn walking stick with living vines that grow from it. There are druidic symbols for everlasting life etched near the handle.
Stern Sword of Grammar Correction	A dull, rather drab looking rapier inhabited with the intelligence of a hyper-particular grammarian.
Stick of Rage	A carved, thumb-width stick of great sturdiness. Holding it fills you with a furious urge to break it.
Sunfire Chakrams	A set of two Chakrams, one copper and the other bronze, both wrapped with old leather handles. Each deals 1d6 damage and an additional +2 Fire damage, when either thrown or swung in melee. If a Chakram is thrown and hits, it returns to the thrower's hand by magical means. Treated as an exotic weapon. 1.5lbs each
Sunfire Shurikens	This is a bag of shurikens, made of flat bronze blades with a large copper ball set in the center. They are very heavy, and suffer a -2 to attack rolls. However, once they are thrown, they explode upon touching anything substantial and deal 4d6 Fire damage within 10 feet. Survivors within 20 feet are deafened for 1d6 rounds. 0.5lb each
The Blaze of Glory	A heavy, simple platinum torch that will not ignite under normal circumstances.
The Olm Shield	A circular shield with an amber edge, and covered in a lustrous, gold-colored metal. On the face of the shield is a depiction of a man destroying a dragon while the dragon destroys the man, as in an ouroboros.
Thunderhead Bolts	Obviously mystical arrows of superior make. They have a metallic shaft etched with elegant marks of clouds and storms, and always glow with a pale shimmer. The markings occasionally gleam with bright light. A full set is 13 arrows or bolts.
Winged Eye	This extremely tiny Beholder creature has wings in addition to its ten eyed tentacles. It is made of delicate glass that is finely stained. Any arcane spellcaster can activate it, as can any creature that succeeds on a DC 20 Use Magic Device skill check. When activated, it will come to life in all respects—except that it is tethered to the mind of the activator. It cannot attack, move objects, or affect the physical setting in any way. However, it can fly up to 100 ft away at a speed of 10 ft per round. The activator can now see as though their head were the eye, and can ONLY see what the eye would see. This means the original PC is temporarily “blinded.” The eye can be deactived at any time from any distance within 100 ft. However, as soon as it is deactived, it turns back to delicate glass—wherever it was. Thus deactivating it before flying it back is not recommended.
Zoltar's Pearlescent Ring	A simple white pearlescent ring. Curse: Lose 1d4 max health once per day. The effect stacks each day. Once worn, this ring cannot be removed. Any attempt to remove the ring sees it reappear after a few seconds. Any attempt to circumvent the curse by removing the ring finger sees it appear on a different finger. If the wearer removes every finger, the curse ends. Should they fail to get the curse removed before their health falls below 0 they become an undead thrall.
Quelling Axe	This axe appears to be like any other felling axe, but when used it will unerringly cut down any tree with one swing. Its formidable weight and uneven balancing make it a slow, inefficient weapon.
Reanimation Bomb	Re-animation bomb
Pyramid Model	A miniature model of a pyramid, which glows a faint blue. If a deceased creature of Diminutive or Fine size is placed beneath the pyramid, they will be reincarnated in 1d20 hours. The pyramid can manifest this ability once per lunar month.
Ring of Sustenance	Ring of Sustenance – require no food/water/rations
Psyche of Strife	A tall mirror in ornate silvery frame with perfectly reflecting surface. The ornaments depicting faceless humanoids locked in battle. 
Devil's Disk	Concave disk of black glass, 2 feet wide, made from obsidian. Etched with Infernal symbols.
Armor that regenerates over time
Cloak that makes the wearer immune to detection spells  
Temperature Dial	A mechanical device that seems to alter the temperature of the space around you within a 15ft cube +-15 degrees Fahrenheit
A historical treaty drafted between Gloridia and {LOC}
A historical treaty drafted between humans and {RACE}s
A whistle that can mimic the voice of any Sapient creature
A dagger with a strange Arcanic symbol scratched into the hilt	Collects sentient life-force
A dream-walker scroll	One-time use, allows the casters to dreamwalk into any sleeping creature's dreams
A deed to an estate in {loc}